

This got real weird, real fast. And not just because I was demoing the
technology in the middle of the E3 floor, surrounded by fellow show-
goers. It’s just — well, even after all the explainers in the world,
it’s hard to sufficiently brace your mind for all that virtual reality
porn entails.

It occupied a small space, tucked in the rear of the LA Convention
Center, but Naughty America may just have had the one booth capable of
rivaling Nintendo’s for sheer show buzz. We must have walked by the
thing a dozen times during our three days on the floor, and there was
always a small army of show-goers lined up to take it for a spin.

Much like, say, your standard first-person shooter, the technology is
built around a POV (point-of-view) shot, putting the viewer in the
place of the camera. The effect is already a bit jolting (and, at
times nausea-inducing) in standard VR, but all of that really goes
next level when you look down and you’ve swapped your bits and bobs
with someone else’s.

The company’s demo cycles through a few short clips, in which the
scenery, scenarios and co-stars change, but, well, the view pretty
much stays the same. It’s hard to say how much of the initial shock is
due to the newness of the technology and how much is firmly entrenched
in the uncanny valley, though the company told me that many attendees
enjoyed the demo, strange setting and all.

The move marks Naughty America’s latest push to fill in the porny
corners of new technologies. Among other things, you can also watch
its content in 4K. Again, I’m not 100 percent sure why that would be
at the top of anyone’s list, but there you go. It exists. Enjoy.

Once you get past the somewhat off-putting nature of swapping nether
regions with a professional, VR porn does offer an interesting way
forward for an industry that, like many others, has been hard hit by
the prevalence of free online content. “The adult industry has been
under siege by tube sites,” the company’s CIO Ian Paul told
TechCrunch. “[With VR], we can raise the bar and get people to
subscribe to porn again. “

Welcome to the future, everyone. It’s super weird here.

Advertisement
